h1. AppEmailComponent (for Japanese)

CakePHP 1.3+

CakePHP標準のEmailComponentの日本語拡張版です。

Copyright 2011, php-tips.com (http://php-tips.com)

h2. EmailComponentからの改良点

* 日本語の折り返し処理の修正（EmailConponent::_wrap()のオーバライド）
* 設定ファイルからの読み込み機能、メール設定の一元管理（load()メソッドの追加）
* 内部エンコーディングと違うエンコーディングをメールに指定した場合、ヘッダが文字化けする問題の修正（EmailConponent::_encode()のオーバライド）

h2. 使い方

"EmailComponent 日本語拡張 @ php-tips":http://php-tips.com/php/cakephp-php/2010/02/emailcomponent-%E6%97%A5%E6%9C%AC%E8%AA%9E%E6%8B%A1%E5%BC%B5
（注: CakePHP 1.2版での記事ですが、設定方法等は同一です。）

h2. LISENCE

Licensed under The MIT License. Redistributions of files must retain the above copyright notice.

Copyright 2011, php-tips.com (http://php-tips.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

h2. THANKS!!

mon_sat: "CakePHP 1.3への対応":https://gist.github.com/365550
ZiSTA: "CakePHPで日本語メールを想定したテストケースを書くとテストに失敗する":http://blog.zista.jp/docs/id/0000000126
